hello everybody is not digested victor and today
we are here for the number 8 keyboard
for beginners good for the second part
of our project access our channel and
the top notes and you already have a
time seven classes available
I want to play the keyboard, never had contact
afraid of who the previous law with
of the team and greater in our
souls is also and today's commentator
you the biggest lighthouse audience starting
by the court note to the left
follows the same idea of easy money
time in fact to have triumphed in the hand
right the time to triumph middle finger
there little finger a C
if you are following from the beginning
will remember that this note also makes
part of the neighborhood she learned the
12 law classes will do it
however the defy is in the tonic of 69
first chart
according to the note you are going to sign
championship of fae or sibemol of jeans
soccer ladies on the right hand
give up of middle finger is of infarction
We speak of mole again, wee sinnott
middle finger 1 is from din shovel and the next note
We are also going to remember the
of the largest is also one of the ten
sorry championships makes using the reverse ml
three notes now made greater will be
bigger and remembering that it is to give of finger
middle and jeans the sign is
is
sinnott is not cinema, my day is a little
more advanced now for you pick up
example
tomorrow will be good to be
is
apr
and it is
personal beauty
this is number 8 the lighthouse chamber
better higher grades
Next class re-write notes
smaller than yourself comic paper
I do not know that you did not take the two lessons
same day at the same time
the less information you are about to
study better for its development
I did not want him to take the biggest step.
that leg
beauty is next to Brazil